Thanks.
Mr. Wei is not in the company for a meeting during the day
Why are you free to come to me?
There's not much going on in the company recently.
Oh, what?
Nurses are going out of business
Wu Chenge
The houses around here are still getting pretty old.
You should pay attention to safety when you go out.
Don't you bother your poor heart?
This is between me and my girlfriend.
Okay, I drank the coffee too
Then Mr. Gu asked me
I won't bother you to come over in person next time.
Brother Hongchen, are you going a little too far?
OK
List all the houses nearby
What happened today I don't want to see again
Ok Mr. Guo
You haven't taken your medicine today.
Brother Bu Cheng, what is the surprise you mentioned?
Soon you will know
come
Nini can open her eyes